Add indentation topic for style guide (#7425)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/style-guide/structure/styleguide-markup-indentation.mdx

import childNumberedList from 'images/child-numbered-list.png'

import fourSpaceIndentChild from 'images/four-space-indent-child.png'

import threeSpaceIndentChild from 'images/three-space-indent-child.png'

import basicListIndentationLeft from 'images/basic-list-indentation-left.png'

import basicListIndentationTwo from 'images/basic-list-indentation-two.png'

import nestingBulletListOne from 'images/nested-bullet-lists-1.png'

import nestingBulletListTwo from 'images/nested-bullet-lists-2.png'

import consecutiveListCollapserOne from 'images/indentation-consec-lists-in-collapser-1.png'

import consecutiveListCollapserTwo from 'images/indentation-consec-lists-in-collapser-2.png'

import imageIndentationOne from 'images/image-indentation-1.png'

When you're writing in Markdown, indentation can make your mark-up more readable. Indentation can also affect the file's readability when it's rendered in HTML. This doc covers how to handle parent (first-level), child (second-level), and grandchild (third-level) lists. We'll also demonstrate how to insert spaces to incorporate code blocks, images, and nested lists within a set of procedures.

## List indentation [#lists]

> Lists are a great way to explain procedures (numbered steps) or simply itemize items (bullet lists). While single-level lists are pretty straightforward, when you start nesting them, you can run into indentation issues. Take a look at these list topics in this section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists are a great way to explain procedures (numbered steps) or simply itemize items (bulleted lists). While single-level lists are pretty straightforward, when you start nesting them, you can run into indentation issues. Take a look at these list topics in this section:
```

> * [First-level lists (parents)](#first-level)

Reviewer: Love that you have this here since it won't show up on the right table of contents!

Author: I hope we eventually can get our developers to add h3 so we can see them in the right nav!

3. Incident policy review: Using the AQM dashboard, you and the stakeholders will identify the noisiest incident policies. Once identified, those policies should be evaluated as detailed in step 4 below.
4. Alert policy recommendations: In this step, you and the stakeholders will review the noisiest policies using the following criteria:
    * Do the alerts have any business impact?
    * Are the policies properly configured?
        * Are they telling us something about the resource that needs to be fixed?
        * Are the policies necessary? Do they have business impact?
        * Are the thresholds set properly?
5. Technical recommendations: Here, you and the stakeholders will review any technical recommendations, including:
    * Are there application / system problems for engineering to review?
    * Are there poorly constructed policies that need to be fixed?
    * Are there instrumentation gaps?
```

The Markdown with four space indentation renders like this:

> <img

Reviewer: Great section! Switching to screenshots makes it a lot easier to skim and get the "gist" of what's going on. This is a great example of screenshots being just as important as your exposition/descriptive text.

Reviewer: I also like the alternating indention for your images too. Makes it very clear, distinctive, and also demonstrates what you're writing about in practice + on the page. A+

---
title: "Markdown indentation"
tags:
  - Basic style guide
  - Style guide quick reference
---

import indentSnippetsInLists from 'images/indent-snippets-in-lists.png'

import indentLeftJustified from 'images/indent-left-justified.png'

import indentExtraLineFeed from 'images/indent-extra-line-feed.png'

import topology1 from 'images/topology-1.png'

import topology2 from 'images/topology-2.png'

import childBulletList from 'images/child-bullet-list.png'

import childNumberedList from 'images/child-numbered-list.png'

import fourSpaceIndentChild from 'images/four-space-indent-child.png'

import threeSpaceIndentChild from 'images/three-space-indent-child.png'

import basicListIndentationLeft from 'images/basic-list-indentation-left.png'

import basicListIndentationTwo from 'images/basic-list-indentation-two.png'

> When you're writing in Markdown, keep in mind that indentation can make your mark-up more readable, and it can also affect its readability when it's rendered in HTML.

Reviewer: I separated your intro sentence into two so the subjects are a little clearer. I've also added in a sentence that defines parent/child/grandchild (so the reader is on the same page for the rest of the doc) and gives a short overview of what kind of content is covered.:)

## First-level lists (parents) [#first-level]

> For first-level numbered and bulleted lists introduced by a left-justified introductory sentence, we follow the common Markdown standard: left-justify the first-level list items. At publication, the Markdown library will indent the first-level list items for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For first-level lists introduced by a left-justified introductory sentence, we follow Markdown standard: left-justify the first-level list items. At publication, the Markdown library will indent the first-level list items for you:
```
Shortened the first clause because it's a mouthful. I figured if someone is savvy enough to seek out indentation tips, they'll assume 'lists' includes unordered and ordered lists. :) Also deleted common since 'standard' implies common anyway, and it shortens the sentence!

```
Here is a basic list written as left-justified but indented at the time of publication:
* Item 1
* Item 2
```

This is rendered like this:

<img
  title="Screenshot showing poor formatting of child bullet list"
  alt="Screenshot showing poor formatting of child bullet list"
  src={basicListIndentationLeft}
/>

> <Callout variant="tip">

Reviewer: Our style guide mentions only including 1 call-out per doc. I think the information in this callout could be removed, or clarified. What does "less semantically accurate" mean? If it's more of a nitpicky detail situation, I'd remove this call out. If it can ruin the structure of a list, then I'd specify how.

Author: @akristen OK, I removed this since it was distracting!

  You may see some cases in our Markdown where there's two-space indentation for first-level lists. This works on the first level for lists, but it is less semantically accurate.
</Callout>

## How indent second- and third-level lists [#second-and-third]

> For second-level (child) or third-level (grandchild) lists, while you can use three or four spaces to successfully indent child lists, we recommend you use four spaces (or two two-space tabs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For child or grandchild lists, insert four spaces (or two two-space tabs) to precede the bullet point or number. While you can use three or four spaces to indent child lists, we recommend the four space or two tab method, as they render lists more consistently.
```

  alt="Screenshot showing three-space formatting for child"
  src={threeSpaceIndentChild}
/>

## Problems with two-space indentation for lists [#two-space]

While there are some cases where two-space indentation works, such as indenting images or for parent and child bullet lists, your results in other cases can unpredictable. Here's an example of two-space indentation of a child list. Note that the Markdown library doesn't indent either of these child lists:

**Example: Child bullet list**

```
1. Item 1
2. Item 2
  * Item 2a
  * Item 2b
```

Note that it renders the child bullets, but they are not indented:

<img
  title="Screenshot showing poor formatting of child bullet list"
  alt="Screenshot showing poor formatting of child bullet list"
  src={childBulletList}
/>

**Example: Child numbered list**

```
1. Item 1
2. Item 2
  1. Item 2a
  2. Item 2b
```
Note that the Markdown converter can't tell the indented list is a child:

<img
  title="Screenshot showing poor formatting of child numbered list"
  alt="Screenshot showing poor formatting of child numbered list"
  src={childNumberedList}
/>

## Bullets nested in numbered list [#bullets-nested-in-numbers]

> When you next bulleted lists under number lists, be sure to pay attention to the child indentation. Look at the example below where the initial child bullet list is not fully indented:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you nest bulleted lists under number lists, insert four spaces to next the first bullet in the nested list. Look at the example below where the initial child bullet list is not fully indented:
```

Want to specify what SHOULD be done in the first sentence for these headings. That way the reader doesn't have to hunt for the solution within the section, and has it by the first sentence.

3. Incident policy review: Using the AQM dashboard, you and the stakeholders will identify the noisiest incident policies. Once identified, those policies should be evaluated as detailed in step 4 below.
4. Alert policy recommendations: In this step, you and the stakeholders will review the noisiest policies using the following criteria:
    * Do the alerts have any business impact?
    * Are the policies properly configured?
        * Are they telling us something about the resource that needs to be fixed?
        * Are the policies necessary? Do they have business impact?
        * Are the thresholds set properly?
5. Technical recommendations: Here, you and the stakeholders will review any technical recommendations, including:
    * Are there application / system problems for engineering to review?
    * Are there poorly constructed policies that need to be fixed?
    * Are there instrumentation gaps?

## Indentation of consecutive procedures [#consecutive]

> As long as consecutive procedures are left-justified, they behave as you might expect in Markdown. The following example shows how you'd set up two left-justified, consecutive lists in Markdown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consecutive procedures behave as you might expect in Markdown, as long as they're left-justified. However, when you indent consecutive procedures, such as inside a collapser, Markdown does some unusual formatting. The following example shows how you'd set up two left-justified, consecutive lists in Markdown:
```

<img
  title="Screenshot showing left-justified consecutive procedures"
  alt="Screenshot showing left-justified consecutive procedures"
  src={indentLeftJustified}
/>

> However, when you indent consecutive procedures, such as inside a collapser, Markdown does some unusual formatting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside a collapser, Markdown changes the formatting:
```

  >
    When you add tags via the UI or API, this occurs at the entity level. This means that, for example, if you have multiple APM agents monitoring a single entity and apply a tag via the UI, that tag is available for all data coming from that entity.

    To add or delete tags via the UI:

      1. Select a monitored entity, like a monitored app or host.
      2. Near the entity’s name at the top of the page, select the **See metadata and manage tags** menu.
      3. In the menu that pops up, add or delete a tag.
      4. For APM agents, restart your service.

    You can also add or delete tags associated with a NRQL alert condition. To add or delete condition tags via the UI:

      1. Navigate to a condition.
      2. Near the condition’s name at the top of the form, click **Manage tags**.
      3. In the menu that pops up, add or delete a tag.

    To manage tags via API: see our [NerdGraph tagging docs](/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-tagging-api-tutorial). For a guide to using our CLI to automate tagging, see [our developer site](https://developer.newrelic.com/automate-workflows/5-mins-tag-resources/).
  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

> To avoid this unfortunate indentation and numbering, insert a second blank line feed so you have two line feeds separating the introductory sentence of the second procedure from the last numbered item of the first list. Here's now that mark-up looks:

Reviewer: This information should be in the first sentence of the section, so the solution isn't hidden inside a section. I'm not sure how you want to reorganize the info, but definitely move this up.
